This is the naming scheme for dialogue elements.

Here is the explanation of each element and their uses:
* Continuities: Each Continuity Scriptable Object is a full conversation that can happen from the start to the end of the dialogue box closing. It includes
every variation of the possible conversation, each possibility being a Thread. Threads contain Snippets, which are the Conversation SO along with the number of and
ID of any choices they contain. Continuities are not used programatically, but are useful for sorting and for making sure dialogue choices and variations all 
exist and lead to the right places.
* Conversations: Conversations are the bulk of the dialogue system, and are snippets of linear conversation with either a Choice or a dialogue break at the end.
Conversations are chiefly composed of Lines, which in turn contain speech strings, the relevant speaking Character, the side the Character appears on screen, and the emotion 
they are expressing as the line is printed. Aside from Lines, Conversations hold a possible Choice that is triggered once all the Lines run out, a variable for when
there is only one speaker, and (currently defunct i believe) variables for starting combat straight at the end of dialogue.
* Choices: Choices contain each choice available to the player at the end of a given Conversation snippet
* Characters: Characters are an SO that hold the signature colour of the character that affects effects in dialogue UI, as well as sprites for each emotion they can express in dialogue.

For new Continuity Scriptable Objects:
1. Fully capitalised followed by an underscore, CNT_, standing for the type of SO this object is.
2. The first letter of the scene the Continuity appears in (ex: scene alpha = a, CNT_a)
4. A number, one higher than any previous Continuity objects, starting at 0 (ex: the fourth Continuity would be number 3, as 0>1>2>3 = CNT_a3)

For new Conversation Scriptable Objects:
1. Fully capitalised followed by an underscore, CON_, standing for the type of SO this object is.
2. Inherit the number of the Continuity the conversation is a part of (ex. CNT_a3 = CON_a3)
3. An underscore
4. A number, one higher than any previous Conversation objects of this Continuity. (ex. CON_a3_4) 

For new Choice Scriptable Objects:
1. Inherit the number of the Conversation the choice is a part of (ex. CNT_a3_4 = a3_4)
2. An full stop
3. A number, one higher than any previous Choice objects of this Continuity (ex. CON_a3_4 = a3_4.14)

For new Character Scriptable Objects:
1. The full name of the character, seperated by underscores for surnames and other additionals.

For new Dialogue Triggers:
1. Take the name/ID of the triggering conversation.
2. If necessary for clarity, add a subject shorthand after the ID.